[WIP] Clean up contribution docs (#5307)
knative/docs: docs/contributing/README.md

# About Knative

Knative is an open source project with an active development community.
The project was started by Google but has contributions from a growing number of industry-leading companies. With a clear project scope, lightweight governance model, and clean lines of
separation between pluggable components, the Knative project establishes an
efficient contributor workflow.

Knative is a diverse, open, and inclusive community.

Knative is designed for different personas:

![Diagram that displays different Audiences for Knative](images/knative-audience.svg)

Knative components offer developers Kubernetes-native APIs for deploying
serverless-style functions, applications, and containers to an auto-scaling

> runtime.

Reviewer: It might be good to note eventing components here as well. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
runtime. Knative applications work equally well with both HTTP and CloudEvents workloads, with a robust catalog of project and community provided event sources.
```

Reviewer 2: This content feels like it should move up to the main / marketing page, rather than moving down into "contributing" -- I did copy over the front & center of the different audiences, but it seems like our public answer for "what is Knative and what is it for" should align with our community / contributor answer to the same.

That means I didn't merge in the "what Knative components offer" here, nor the "Knative components are intended to be integrated into ..." (I'm not sure I agree with the latter take, though I think Knative is a good component to integrate into those platforms).

To join the conversation, head over to the
[Knative users](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/knative-users) Google group.

Knative components are intended to be integrated into more polished products
that cloud service providers or in-house teams in large enterprises can then
operate.

Any enterprise or cloud provider can adopt Knative components into their own

> systems and pass the benefits along to their customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
systems and pass the benefits along to their developers, platform teams, and customers.
```

Reviewer 2: Added a link to ADOPTERS.MD here to highlight people who have adopted the project.

## Community Meetup

This virtual event is designed for end users, a space for our community to meet,
get to know each other, and learn about uses and applications of Knative.

Catch up with past community meetups on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQjzPfIiEQLLyCyLBKLlwDLfE_A-P7nyg).

Stay tuned for new events by subscribing to the
[calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=knative.team_9q83bg07qs5b9rrslp5jor4l6s%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles) ([iCal export file](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/knative.team_9q83bg07qs5b9rrslp5jor4l6s%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics))
and following us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/KnativeProject).

## More ways to get involved

> Even if there’s not an issue opened for it, we can always use more testing throughout the platform. Similarly, we can always use more docs, richer docs, insightful docs. Or maybe a cool blog post? And if you’re a web developer, we could use your help in spiffing up our public-facing web site.

Reviewer: +100000

Reviewer 2: Moved this to `contributing.md`, but put some of the flavor into the definition of "contributor" at the start of the README.md.

> [Bug reports](https://github.com/knative/serving/issues/new) and friction logs

Reviewer: It's odd to have only a link to serving issues here. I'm not sure what the best approach might be here. It probably doesn't make sense either to have a list of repos with links to their issues. Something to give thought to, I suppose.

Reviewer 2: I added a section for "Bug Reports and Feature Requests" in #5348 , preferring that content

from new developers are especially welcome.

## Knative authors

For a current list of the authors, see [Authors](https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/main/AUTHORS).

## Getting started

> Before you can make a contribution to Knative, you must sign the CNCF [EasyCLA](https://easycla.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) using the same email address you used to register for Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can make a contribution to Knative, you must sign the CNCF Contributor License Agreement, [EasyCLA](https://easycla.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) using the same email address you use on Github.
```
It might be good to spell out what CLA stands for. 

The Github change is because what you really need is the email address used when doing `git commit` on your code contributions. This typically aligns with an email address used on GitHub but may not align with the one used when registering for an account.

Reviewer 2: Added this into the section in `contributing.md` covering the CLA. Since not everyone participating in the community is necessarily making code contributions, I reverted the move of the CLA documentation into the main README.

> For more information, see [Contributor license agreements](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributor-license-agreements).

Reviewer: I guess I should have read one more sentence before commenting about CLA being spelled out. 🤣

Read the [Knative contributor guide](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Read the [Code of conduct](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).

> ## Governance

Reviewer 2: Since governance is basically a giant link farm that's mostly of interest to people who want to know the nitty-gritty of how the project operates, I moved it from `about.md` to `governance.md`, but kept it as a separate document.

- [Knative project values](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/VALUES.md):
shared goals and values for the community.

- [Knative team values](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/TEAM-VALUES.md):
the goals and values we hold as a team.

Knative has public and recorded monthly community meetings.

> Each project has one or more working groups driving the project, and Knative has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each component has one or more working groups driving the effort, and Knative has
```

Reviewer 2: (Fixed this wording in `governance.md`, which was originally in `about.md`)
